- no Kenneth Lam button was to love him
that's how as many friends and
colleagues will remember him but a voice
that brought joy to so many has fallen
silent the 33 year old Filipino nurse
died from the virus he was trying to
protect others from his family thousands
of miles away speak of a son and brother
who made them proud as it is his sworn
duty to serve the people regardless of
any circumstance he sacrificed his life
the term hero is really befitting for
him but Kenneth and his family weren't
shown the same compassion by a disease
that is merciless based on coded
protocols he is going to be cremated
so tactically he will be back into her
hands as ashes it's heartbreaking that
he can you can't even hold his hand
the only comfort for his family is that
he didn't die alone in hospital via his
best friend and fellow nurse was by his
bedside holding his hand wearing full
protective equipment it's only me that
he has in the end and I have you know I
can't hug him I can't touch his arm like
you know because I got gloves
I was been holding his hand and he just
he just flatlined he was gone like that
making Kenneth yet another Filipino
health worker to have died in the UK
from covert 19 we go to any NHS hospital
you would see a lot of us more of us are
going to get to it moreover there might
be more of us might die for me
Kenneth's death will leave a huge hole
in the lives he enriched Sedgwick area
ITV News